[Autogenerated] Alright.
With Sqs out of the way, let's start looking at simple Notification Service,
which is known as S N s.
Now Amazon.
SNS is a Web service that coordinates and manages the delivery and
sending of messages to subscribers through resource is that we call
topics within the SMS service itself.
There are two different types of clients and these error
known as subscribers and publishers.
Now they're also known as consumers and producers.
And what it means is that subscribers subscribe to
our topics and receive messages,
and publishers published messages to our topics for our subscribers to consume.
Now these subscribers consume messages and notifications that
error published via a supported protocol,
and these include http and https, or even email as an example.
Now there's several more protocols supported, and we'll look at them.
But I just wanted to give you a general understanding.
Now to lock it down,
you configure policies that error put into place to control who can
publish messages to the topics so you can have an application post
messages from within the same A W s account,
or you can open it up for even cross account publishing of messages,
depending on your needs and we'll see how that's done in the console here,
coming up shortly and that's a good spot to start leading into our next clip.
So let's end here and we'll pick up in the SNS console and start creating different topics and publishing messages.